President Game Rules:

OBJECTIVE OF PRESIDENT: To play all of your cards (lose your hand) 
	as soon as possible. The last player with cards in their hands 
	is the ‘beggar.’ The first is the 'president.' The ranks are as
	follows for a game of 7 players:
	
	1. President
	2. Vice-President
	3. Secretary
	4. Citizen
	5. Peasant
	6. Beggar
	7. Vice-Beggar
	
	President is such a great game because it does an amazing job of
	portraying systemic inequality. Once you are crowned president,
	it is very hard to dethrone you in subsequent rounds, because
	of the advantages you receive.


NUMBER OF PLAYERS: 4-7 players


NUMBER OF CARDS: standard 52-card + 2 Jokers


RANK OF CARDS: 2 (Highest), Joker (wild-card), A K Q J 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3


THE PLAY:

In the first round only, the player holding 3 of clubs gets to start.
Every subsequent player, has to put down a single card cards of equal
or greater value to the last card played. Players may pass.

If a Joker is played, the player may assign to it any value of their
choosing.

TWO is the most valued card, because putting it down will reset the
current play (the current streak), and the player will get to play
another turn, beginning the next streak.

The game continues until a play has been made where everyone 
subsequently passes. The next player to go will start the next streak
at any value of their choosing.


NEXT ROUND:

The first player to lose their hand is crowned President, the next
one Vice-President, and so on. The last person standing is the Beggar.

On the next round, the President takes away the Beggar's best two cards
and gives them back any two cards of their choosing. The Vice-President
(if they exist) takes away the Vice-Beggar's best card and gives back
any card of their choosing.

The President will start the round, with the Vice-President and all 
others, sorted by their social standing, following.


* General directions taken from https://gamerules.com/rules/president-card-game/
** Plus, some of the specific variations I'm used to playing with.

YOURE READY TO PLAY! :)